= Pitr's Dot Files

***IMPORTANT*** change name and email in `.gitconfig` after installation

== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/pitr/config_files ~/.config_files
  cd ~/.config_files
  rake install

== Environment

Mac OS X will work. UNIX-based OS should work (the only problem is EDITOR is Sublime Text).

== Commands

=== Bash

Adds ~/bin to PATH if it exists.

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/code, so this directory 
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "c" command.

  c confi<tab>

Usual ls, ll, l, .. stuff.

Shortcuts for most used programs:

  g - git
  v - vim
  r - rails
  p - python
  e. - Sublime Text

Tab completion is also added to rake and git commands:

  rake db:mi<tab>
  git checkout ma<tab>
  gco ma<tab>

To speed things up, the results are cached in local .rake_tasks~.
It is smart enough to expire the cache automatically in most cases,
but you can simply remove the files to flush the cache.

When in a git controlled directory, you'll notice the current branch
name shows up in the prompt while in a git repository.

  ~/code/config_files master^0 (ruby-2.1.2)
  ✔

  release - branch name
  * - dirty repository
  [2] - depth of stash

If you're using Rails, you'll find some handy aliases (below). You can 
also use show_log and hide_log in script/console to show the log inline.
  
  ss          # script/server
  sc          # script/console
  sg          # script/generate
  tlog        # tail -f log/development.log
  migrate     # rake db:migrate
  remigrate   # rake db:migrate && rake db:migrate:redo
  
  # rails 3+ aliases
  rs          # rails server
  rc          # rails console
  rg          # rails generate

Helpers from http://reinh.com/blog/2008/08/27/hack-and-and-ship.html

  hs      # hack && ship = pull + rebase/merge + push
  hsd     # hack && ship && deploy = hs + push to heroku
  hrs     # hack && rake && ship = same as hs but run rake test before push


If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or 
specific to one system, place it into a ~/.bashrc file. This will be 
loaded automatically if it exists.

=== Gem

Disables generation of ri and rdoc.

=== Git

Adds shortcuts like:

  gb    # git branch -a -v
  gc    # git commit -m
  ga    # git add
  gadd  # git add -u && git add . && git status
  gco   # git checkout
  gd    # git diff --word-diff (since git 1.7.2)
  gg    # git graph ...
  gpl   # git pull --rebase
  gup   # git up (install git-up gem first)

And so forth.

Happy Git Commits (http://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2010/08/03/happy-git-commits/).

  # in ~/code/project
  cd .git/hooks
  ln -s ~/.git/hooks/post-commit

=== IRB

Adds colour and better inspector (looksee).

=== Screen

Initializes 6 windows: main, code, gcc, git, irc, etc
